# v5.9.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/eslint-plugin` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Add a dummy `has-standards` rule to the plugin to help with end-to-end testing.
    - **NOTE: PLEASE NEVER** use this rule in production! **ESPECIALLY** if you enable the fixer. This rule will flag **EVERY** single literal in your project unless it matches `"I have standards, you'd better have some too!"` exactly.
    - If you enable the fixer, it will also replace **EVERY SINGLE** literal with said string.
    - Do **NOT** enable this rule in your projects. If you **REALLY** want to, though, just as a fun little prank, at least set the severity to `"warn"`, and **ENSURE** that the fixer is disabled by setting the option as `{ fixable: false }`.

## Additional Notes

- Ok, now that I've scared you all, shall we talk about that end-to-end test to lighten the mood a bit?
- With the addition of this test, all my main TypeScript packages now have at least one end-to-end test to test their entrypoints.
- This is a huge achievement as it now gives us extra confidence to make configuration changes as we can run our changes against the tests to verify we didn't break anything.
- Note that for the end-to-end test in this rule, however, I did have to pin ESLint to v9. This is because of some peer dependency issues as a result of not every plugin currently supporting v10 (even though we currently do).
- In a lot of cases, it should be ok to use ESLint v10 with this plugin (I already do) as we don't rely too heavily on pure ESLint v10 features as of now. That said, if you find that you're having issues, the solution will most likely be to pin ESLint to v9.
- I am glad that this test caught that, especially with the new ESLint major release and everything, as I've been installing ESLint v10 into all my projects and never had any issues, but clearly this test exposed the fact that issues are definitely possible! Hence, why I can give advice on what to best do if such issues are encountered.
