# v5.11.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/eslint-plugin` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add a new `internal/package-json` config that enforces version numbers in `package.json` to be pinned exactly (no `^` or `~` prefix).
  - This follows from an incident that occurred yesterday where a loosely-pinned utility version in alex-c-line meant that despite alex-c-line only pinning `^5.8.0` internally, it still brought in `5.9.0` as allowed by the `^`, which caused issues at the time as that contained a breaking entrypoints change.
  - By enforcing exact version numbers going forward, it ensures that we only allow exactly the versions we list in package.json, with no deviation at all unless explicitly updated.
  - The above incident will be elaborated on further once I get the incident documentation templates in alex-c-line done. This will then be the first incident report we cover using said templates.

## Additional Notes

- A `.npmrc` file has also been added to this repository to ensure that installing any new dependencies in this repository uses the exact version with no prefix.
- This ensures that we never end up accidentally bringing in a non-exact dependency version just by installing, and then our linting rules can further enforce this in pre-commit hooks and, most importantly, in CI.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
