# v5.6.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/eslint-plugin` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Change the `personal` config group to be called `internal`.
    - I think this name is a little better as it's more consistent with how I treat internal exports in something like `alex-c-line`, for example, and it tends to be the name that most other packages use for their internal exports too.
    - No extra action for most use cases is needed here, unless you have been using the personal/internal configs (which you shouldn't really...)
- Work around `typescript-eslint` currently being incompatible with ESLint v10.
    - ESLint v10 recently came out, and we do officially support it as of now.
    - That said, `typescript-eslint` is lagging behind a little bit and the `no-deprecated` rule in particular was giving errors.
    - We have fixed this using `@eslint/compat`, so we can still ship this plugin supporting v10 despite `typescript-eslint` not supporting it yet.
    - If there are still any issues aside from that, we still recommend pinning ESLint to v9 in the meantime. This plugin supports both ESLint v9 and v10 as of now.

## Additional Notes

- Funny thing is, before I found out about `@eslint/compat`, I was going to patch `typescript-eslint` manually, then ship this plugin with the patch, then get you lot to do the same patch, giving full instructions on how to do it in this release note and everything!
- Granted, it is only a one-line change so it's not **that** bad, but still! It would've required going into the `node_modules` folder and making the edits there, which would've been incredibly fiddly and potentially error-prone.
- Fortunately, that is not the reality we live in and the ESLint community is nice enough to give us a tool to do these patches for us.
- No need to PATCH IT UP this time.
