# v5.7.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/eslint-plugin` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Make use of the new ESLint v10 feature that allows us to have `eslint.config.js` per directory.
    - This is a lot cleaner and allows the linting rules to be scoped better without the need to specify a bunch of `files` overrides.
    - We used to have this weird issue where package.json linting rules had to live in the same config as the source code linting rules. However, with this change, we can keep them separate and declare source code linting rules in `src/eslint.config.js`, while keeping root level `eslint.config.js` purely for package.json linting (and potentially markdown linting in the near future too).
    - The internal ESLint plugin configs have been refactored to this new pattern, and all other internal package rules will eventually follow suit.

## Additional Notes

- This should not affect most users as only the internal/combined config groups were edited here, and we generally discourage people from using these as they are not as stable as the general/plugin groups.
- That said, it's a nice ESLint v10 feature, and it looks to make config composition throughout my repositories much nicer than it was before.
