# v5.7.1 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/eslint-plugin` package. It fixes issues with the package and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Updates `typescript-eslint` as it now supports ESLint v10.
    - This gets rid of our need to use `fixupPluginRules` from `@eslint/compat` as the reason we needed to use this has recently been fixed natively by `typescript-eslint`.
- Add some extra internal configs for usage in my utility package.
    - These mainly help to support the new entrypoints, where internal utility exports do not need JSDoc, and root exports are not allowed to use node built-ins (functions that do use node built-ins must be exported from `@alextheman/utility/node`)

## Additional Notes

- I think there are still some plugins that haven't quite yet fully updated to ESLint v10, however from my experience none of the rest of them seem to cause issues. If they do, let me know.
- In any case, we should aim to try and be on the latest version of ESLint as much as we can. If external packages haven't caught up, we should find a way to work around to allow us to move on while waiting for more official support.
- I don't want to fall into the trap where this plugin would be sitting there for a long time on older versions waiting for other plugins to update to ESLint v10, but then they don't because they're waiting for changes to other dependencies etc.
- At least in our case, we do natively support it already - it's just that other plugins are causing peer dependency warnings, but they can largely be ignored for the time being. The package should still work regardless.
