# v5.10.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/eslint-plugin` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Use `Array<T>` for array type annotations over `T[]` in `internal/typescript` config.
  - I think this is a lot clearer, especially for giant union/intersection types.
  - All I'll say is, you tell me which one of these looks better to you:
    - `(StepFunction | ScriptName | [ScriptName, PreCommitStepOptions])[]`
    - `Array<StepFunction | ScriptName | [ScriptName, PreCommitStepOptions]>`
  - The first one to me feels a bit too verbose, with the regular brackets around the union and then the random empty square brackets at the end just sitting there, whereas the second one is nicely wrapped around the angle brackets, clearly as a type argument to the `Array` type.
- Update to `alex-c-line` v2.
  - It is one of my best releases and I will not shut up about it.
  - ~~ok, it did also require updating to github-actions v10, but no-one cares about github-actions so pretend it didn't happen~~

## Additional Notes

- Given that this affects an internal config, it should not be breaking for most repositories.
- Even if, theoretically, you did use the internal configs, the fix is still as easy as just running the fixer, as the rule that enforces this is autofixable.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
