# v5.10.2 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/eslint-plugin` package. It fixes issues with the package and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Disable the requirement for the `@param` tag in JSDoc comments in the components repository.
  - After thinking about it a bit more, I don't think it's particularly useful in the context of components given that the only parameter is the props anyway, so you're better off just adding JSDoc comments to the properties of the interface describing the prop structure.
  - This affects the `internal/components` config, hence it is an internal config, hence it will not affect other people's projects and if it does, that's on you for using the internal configs.

## Additional Notes

- As a side note, if you're wondering why I'm starting to look back into JSDoc comments in components, the reason is that I've actually gotten Storybook to work in the repository, and it is really cool!
- To me, it doubles both as a way of documenting the package and a way to locally test components without ever leaving the repository.
- Components always feels like the trickiest package to locally test because of the React integration and the need to have browser access. As such, the way I used to test them before Storybook was to build and pack the package as a tarball, and install into the project I am currently working in.
- And sure, while it is a genuinely very powerful thing to be able to do to allow us to test the integration between the package and the app, it is also very overkill when all you want to do is just test a quick visual change or something like that.
- However, with Storybook in the repository, that means we'll just be able to start the Storybook environment, create a new story for the component, and then just start playing around with it from the get-go and get immediate feedback. No hacky tarball needed.
- It also appears to be able to integrate with Vitest as well, so we could potentially even automate testing for the components at some point too, which would be nice!
- Obviously it would be ridiculous to assert that the colour of the button is a very specific shade of blue, or that the label is padded exactly 16 pixels away from the bottom or whatever, but being able to at least test that navigation between pages works when you click on a link or submit a form? Now THAT would be amazing and could potentially catch a whole range of potential errors before release!
- In any case, once the Storybook documentation is in a more polished state, I will be releasing it to GitHub Pages so that you can also play around with some of my components there (and maybe even install the package into your projects too! I know you want to...)
- Keep an eye on the components repository for more information.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
