# v5.8.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/eslint-plugin` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Update [`eslint-plugin-package-json` to `v0.89.0`](https://github.com/JoshuaKGoldberg/eslint-plugin-package-json/releases/tag/v0.89.0)
    - Note that I have found at least one thing about this update that would require a refactor.
    - Namely, they have recently moved some of their existing rules to their recommended config, and one of those is the `require-sideEffects` rule, requiring that the `sideEffects` property in `package.json` must be present.

## Additional Notes

- For most of my use cases, this can be set to `false` because none of my packages do things like editing the globals or importing CSS files directly or any of that cursed stuff.
- However, for `alex-c-line`, in theory it does actually do stuff at import time. That is, apparently you can do `import "alex-c-line";` and it would run the `alex-c-line` entrypoint as is, which is a side effect.
- That said, `alex-c-line` does actually still export config helpers from the `configs` subpath, however, given that I know that that's not a side-effectful path, that's not marked as such. Only the root entrypoint (the CLI entrypoint) is marked as side-effectful.

- Also, while we're on the topic of side-effects, can I just say that I hate it when regular package imports implicitly add functions to the global scope rather than just letting us import them in?
- In my view, anything that's part of the global scope should be JavaScript/TypeScript native features. Packages adding to this muddies that mental model for me and makes it less clear exactly which features are native features and which features may be external, and if they're external, where they're coming from.
- On top of that, here's some food for thought - let's say you've installed two different packages, where both of them are trying to add a function to the globals under the same name. What happens then? Who wins?
- All I'll say is, for as long as you're using my packages, I will absolutely never add anything to the global scope on use of my packages. I find that to be very cursed and very annoying.
